[DOC-10386][DOC-11063] Update Plan a Standard Cluster, Cloud landing page (#18930)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/index.md

Compute charges are calculated hourly by multiplying the hourly rate of the provisioned compute per node and number of nodes per cluster. These charges are accumulated throughout the month to determine the total monthly compute charges. When you configure your cluster's capacity, you are implicitly selecting a _machine type_ offered by the cloud provider. Different machine types are billed at different rates. The hourly compute cost is calculated by multiplying the hourly rate of the machine type by the number of nodes.

Refer to [Pricing](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/pricing/).

</section>

### Storage

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
There is no charge for backup storage during [Usage-based backup metrics Preview]({% link {{ site.current_cloud_version}}/essential-metrics-self-hosted.md %}#backup-and-restore)
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

<section class="filter-content" markdown="1" data-scope="basic">

Storage for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} is automatically provisioned on demand, eliminating the need for manual management. Costs are based on actual usage and adjust dynamically as data is added or removed, starting from zero.

> Storage is billed hourly, with [rates](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/pricing) depending on the cloud provider and the region where the cluster is hosted.{% comment %}TODO: Resolve this contradiction. https://cockroachlabs.slack.com/archives/C05KHQULKFB/p1726955009576009{% endcomment %}

Author: ```suggestion
Storage is billed hourly. Refer to [Pricing](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/pricing).
```
